1 - Hey... is everything alright?
2 - Yes, seems like the system is down.
2 - Makes sense I guess, its not used for a while already, for a year to be exact.
1 - Alright, good. If that's the case, we can continue with the plan.
2 - Agreed.
2 - Hey. If you are reading this, whoever you are, you have somehow found this archive. It also means that you can now help us with revealing the truth behind the project known as *#$^$$.
1 - Why did you encrypt the name?
2 - I did not? Oh, right. There is an AI system that prevents any mentions of the project... Anyways, you will find out everything yourself after all.
2 - Okay, look. We have obtained some classified information and found out that Atanorum actually has a second, special archive. This archive contains all the stuff he doesn't want to be revealed to public.
2 - The most important thing, however, is that this archive has a file named "THE_LOCK.txt". This file is what we are looking for - it is an encrypted document that reveals the worst secret of Atanorum.
1 - As you probably understood, we want you to find that file. We will try to hack the systems and allow you to view the archive, and will leave our next instructions there as well.
1 - Don't worry - even that "classified" archive is abandoned for a long time already. Atanorum probably forgot it ever existed, so you will be able to investigate everything easily.
2 - You will probably ask why we don't do it ourselves. The reason is simple: we can not allow anyone to find any info on us. Of course it sounds weird as we are asking you to do the "dirty work" for us,
but don't worry! You will not only be awarded for the work by us, you will also find very interesting information yourself, and will be able to do anything with it yourself.
1 - Hey, mate. Our time ends soon.
2 - I see. Okay then, I will leave the link to the secret archive there.
2 - https://github.com/Atanorum-Archive/Private-Archive
2 - Thank you for your help, buddy. And remember: THE WORST SECRETS LAY BEHIND A LOT OF LOCKS.
